Companies pagination and external identifiers (#386)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: changelog/README.md

# Changelog

## 17th January 2023

> * Extended [Get all companies](../operations/companies.md#get-all-companies) with `Limitation` and filter for `ExternalIdentifiers`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added pagination to [Get all companies](../operations/companies.md#get-all-companies)
* Added new filter `ExternalIdentifiers` to  [Get all companies](../operations/companies.md#get-all-companies)
* Deprecated `Address` in [Company](../operations/companies.md#company) and replaced with `AddressId`
```
